game_pk INT,
datetime_ampm STRING,
datetime_dateTime STRING,
datetime_dayNight STRING,
datetime_officialDate STRING,
datetime_originalDate STRING,
datetime_resumeDate STRING,
datetime_resumedFromDate STRING,
flags_awayTeamNoHitter BOOLEAN,
flags_awayTeamPerfectGame BOOLEAN,
flags_homeTeamNoHitter BOOLEAN,
flags_homeTeamPerfectGame BOOLEAN,
flags_noHitter BOOLEAN,
flags_perfectGame BOOLEAN,
gameInfo_attendance INT,
gameInfo_firstPitch STRING,
gameInfo_gameDurationMinutes INT,
game_doubleHeader STRING,
game_gameNumber INT,
game_gamedayType STRING,
officialVenue_id INT,
probablePitchers_away_fullName STRING,
probablePitchers_away_id INT,
probablePitchers_home_fullName STRING,
probablePitchers_home_id INT,
status_detailedState STRING,
venue_active BOOLEAN,
venue_fieldInfo_center INT,
venue_fieldInfo_left INT,
venue_fieldInfo_leftCenter INT,
venue_fieldInfo_leftLine INT,
venue_fieldInfo_right INT,
venue_fieldInfo_rightCenter INT,
venue_fieldInfo_rightLine INT,
venue_fieldInfo_roofType STRING,
venue_fieldInfo_turfType STRING,
venue_id INT,
venue_name STRING,
weather_condition STRING,
weather_temp STRING
