game_pk INT,
team_id INT,
person_id INT,
gameStatus_isOnBench BOOLEAN,
gameStatus_isSubstitute BOOLEAN,
parentTeamId INT,
person_fullName STRING,
position_abbreviation STRING,
position_code STRING,
position_name STRING,
position_type STRING,
stats_batting_atBats INT,
stats_batting_atBatsPerHomeRun STRING,
stats_batting_baseOnBalls INT,
stats_batting_catchersInterference INT,
stats_batting_caughtStealing INT,
stats_batting_doubles INT,
stats_batting_flyOuts INT,
stats_batting_gamesPlayed INT,
stats_batting_groundIntoDoublePlay INT,
stats_batting_groundIntoTriplePlay INT,
stats_batting_groundOuts INT,
stats_batting_hitByPitch INT,
stats_batting_hits INT,
stats_batting_homeRuns INT,
stats_batting_intentionalWalks INT,
stats_batting_leftOnBase INT,
stats_batting_note STRING,
stats_batting_pickoffs INT,
stats_batting_plateAppearances INT,
stats_batting_rbi INT,
stats_batting_runs INT,
stats_batting_sacBunts INT,
stats_batting_sacFlies INT,
stats_batting_stolenBasePercentage STRING,
stats_batting_stolenBases INT,
stats_batting_strikeOuts INT,
stats_batting_summary STRING,
stats_batting_totalBases INT,
stats_batting_triples INT,
stats_fielding_assists INT,
stats_fielding_caughtStealing INT,
stats_fielding_chances INT,
stats_fielding_errors INT,
stats_fielding_fielding STRING,
stats_fielding_gamesStarted INT,
stats_fielding_passedBall INT,
stats_fielding_pickoffs INT,
stats_fielding_putOuts INT,
stats_fielding_stolenBasePercentage STRING,
stats_fielding_stolenBases INT,
stats_pitching_airOuts INT,
stats_pitching_atBats INT,
stats_pitching_balks INT,
stats_pitching_balls INT,
stats_pitching_baseOnBalls INT,
stats_pitching_battersFaced INT,
stats_pitching_blownSaves INT,
stats_pitching_catchersInterference INT,
stats_pitching_caughtStealing INT,
stats_pitching_completeGames INT,
stats_pitching_doubles INT,
stats_pitching_earnedRuns INT,
stats_pitching_flyOuts INT,
stats_pitching_gamesFinished INT,
stats_pitching_gamesPitched INT,
stats_pitching_gamesPlayed INT,
stats_pitching_gamesStarted INT,
stats_pitching_groundOuts INT,
stats_pitching_hitBatsmen INT,
stats_pitching_hitByPitch INT,
stats_pitching_hits INT,
stats_pitching_holds INT,
stats_pitching_homeRuns INT,
stats_pitching_homeRunsPer9 STRING,
stats_pitching_inheritedRunners INT,
stats_pitching_inheritedRunnersScored INT,
stats_pitching_inningsPitched STRING,
stats_pitching_intentionalWalks INT,
stats_pitching_losses INT,
stats_pitching_note STRING,
stats_pitching_numberOfPitches INT,
stats_pitching_outs INT,
stats_pitching_passedBall INT,
stats_pitching_pickoffs INT,
stats_pitching_pitchesThrown INT,
stats_pitching_rbi INT,
stats_pitching_runs INT,
stats_pitching_runsScoredPer9 STRING,
stats_pitching_sacBunts INT,
stats_pitching_sacFlies INT,
stats_pitching_saveOpportunities INT,
stats_pitching_saves INT,
stats_pitching_shutouts INT,
stats_pitching_stolenBasePercentage STRING,
stats_pitching_stolenBases INT,
stats_pitching_strikeOuts INT,
stats_pitching_strikePercentage STRING,
stats_pitching_strikes INT,
stats_pitching_summary STRING,
stats_pitching_triples INT,
stats_pitching_wildPitches INT,
stats_pitching_wins INT
