game_pk INT,
player_id INT,
batSide_code STRING,
batSide_description STRING,
birthCity STRING,
birthCountry STRING,
birthDate STRING,
birthStateProvince STRING,
boxscoreName STRING,
currentAge INT,
firstLastName STRING,
firstName STRING,
fullFMLName STRING,
fullLFMName STRING,
fullName STRING,
height STRING,
initLastName STRING,
lastFirstName STRING,
lastInitName STRING,
lastName STRING,
lastPlayedDate STRING,
middleName STRING,
mlbDebutDate STRING,
nameFirstLast STRING,
nameMatrilineal STRING,
pitchHand_code STRING,
pitchHand_description STRING,
primaryPosition_abbreviation STRING,
primaryPosition_code STRING,
primaryPosition_name STRING,
primaryPosition_type STRING,
strikeZoneBottom FLOAT,
strikeZoneTop FLOAT,
useLastName STRING,
useName STRING,
weight FLOAT
