game_pk INT,
play_idx INT,
event_idx INT,
player_id INT,
base INT,
count_balls INT,
count_outs INT,
count_strikes INT,
details_awayScore INT,
details_ballColor STRING,
details_call_code STRING,
details_call_description STRING,
details_code STRING,
details_disengagementNum INT,
details_event STRING,
details_eventType STRING,
details_fromCatcher BOOLEAN,
details_hasReview BOOLEAN,
details_homeScore INT,
details_isBall BOOLEAN,
details_isInPlay BOOLEAN,
details_isOut BOOLEAN,
details_isScoringPlay BOOLEAN,
details_isStrike BOOLEAN,
details_runnerGoing BOOLEAN,
details_trailColor STRING,
details_type_code STRING,
details_type_description STRING,
details_violation_description STRING,
details_violation_player_fullName STRING,
details_violation_player_id INT,
details_violation_type STRING,
endTime STRING,
hitData_coordinates_coordX FLOAT,
hitData_coordinates_coordY FLOAT,
hitData_hardness STRING,
hitData_launchAngle FLOAT,
hitData_launchSpeed FLOAT,
hitData_location STRING,
hitData_totalDistance INT,
hitData_trajectory STRING,
injuryType STRING,
isBaseRunningPlay BOOLEAN,
isPitch BOOLEAN,
isSubstitution STRING,
pitchData_breaks_breakAngle FLOAT,
pitchData_breaks_breakHorizontal FLOAT,
pitchData_breaks_breakLength FLOAT,
pitchData_breaks_breakVertical FLOAT,
pitchData_breaks_breakVerticalInduced FLOAT,
pitchData_breaks_breakY FLOAT,
pitchData_breaks_spinDirection FLOAT,
pitchData_breaks_spinRate FLOAT,
pitchData_coordinates_aX FLOAT,
pitchData_coordinates_aY FLOAT,
pitchData_coordinates_aZ FLOAT,
pitchData_coordinates_pX FLOAT,
pitchData_coordinates_pZ FLOAT,
pitchData_coordinates_pfxX FLOAT,
pitchData_coordinates_pfxZ FLOAT,
pitchData_coordinates_vX0 FLOAT,
pitchData_coordinates_vY0 FLOAT,
pitchData_coordinates_vZ0 FLOAT,
pitchData_coordinates_x FLOAT,
pitchData_coordinates_x0 FLOAT,
pitchData_coordinates_y FLOAT,
pitchData_coordinates_y0 FLOAT,
pitchData_coordinates_z0 FLOAT,
pitchData_endSpeed FLOAT,
pitchData_extension FLOAT,
pitchData_plateTime FLOAT,
pitchData_startSpeed FLOAT,
pitchData_strikeZoneBottom FLOAT,
pitchData_strikeZoneTop FLOAT,
pitchData_typeConfidence FLOAT,
pitchData_zone INT,
pitchNumber INT,
playId STRING,
position_abbreviation STRING,
position_code STRING,
position_name STRING,
position_type STRING,
replacedPlayer_id INT,
reviewDetails_challengeTeamId INT,
reviewDetails_isOverturned BOOLEAN,
startTime STRING,
type STRING
